[NAME=DETECTIVE SMITH]Hello, my name is detective Smith. We are meeting today to take your statement
with regards to what you saw on the 14 th of September with regards to the death of Jess Huyton,...
who we believed was murdered around the time. Thank you for your cooperation within this investigation. 
This interview will be video-recorded and my colleague who will also be present during the interview may interrupt to also ask some questions.
Could you please tell me a little bit about you and whether you knew Miss Huyton before?
[NAME=Alejandra]Hello, I am Alejandra and I am a nurse . 
I did not know Miss Huyton before but I recognised her from the posters of a missing girl.
[NAME=DETECTIVE SMITH]Thank you. Could you tell me what happened on the 14th of September?
[NAME=Alejandra]In the early hours of the 14 th of September, I was in my car, I had finished my shift from the hospital and was going home. 
I was very tired, it was 02.10 AM. It happened all so fast and I wasn’t sure of what exactly I saw. 
There was a light green car on the side of the road with a man,... 
I first thought that a man was helping someone to get in the back of the car but then as I drove slower,... 
I realised that this person was pushing the lady into the car. I didn’t see his face,... 
I just saw a man but I saw the face of the lady who was did not look happy. She looked like Miss Hyuton. It is a few days...
later when I heard the news and saw pictures of a lady who seems to have disappeared on her way home... 
early Saturday that I thought this might be useful information. 
At the time I thought it was odd but it could have been a drunk woman who didn’t want to go home and her boyfriend was helping.
If only I had realised, maybe I could have helped her.
[NAME=DETECTIVE SMITH]You could not have known and this statement is very helpful to us. 
Thank you very much for coming forward. We will call you if we need further information. Thank you for your help.
[NAME=Alejandra]Thank you for seeing me. Goodbye.